<!--
 Copyright 2021 - 2023 Universität Tübingen, DKFZ, EMBL, and Universität zu Köln
 for the German Human Genome-Phenome Archive (GHGA)

 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.

-->

# Readme Generation

The Repository README is generated by collecting information from different sources as
outlined in the following.

- name: The full name of the package is derived from the remote origin Git repository.
- title: A title case representation of the name.
- shortname: An abbreviation of the full name. This is derived from the name mentioned
  in the [`../pyproject.toml`](../pyproject.toml).
- summary: A short 1-2 sentence summary derived from the description in the
  [`../pyproject.toml`](../pyproject.toml).
- version: The package version derived from the version specified in the
  [`../pyproject.toml`](../pyproject.toml).
- description: A markdown-formatted description of the features and use cases of this
  service or package. Obtained from the [`./description.md`](./description.md).
- design_description: A markdown-formatted description of the overall architecture and
  design of the package. Obtained from the [`./design.md`](./design.md).
- config_description: A markdown-formatted description of all config parameters.
  This is autogenerated from the [`../config_schema.json`](../config_schema.json).
- openapi_doc: A markdown-formatted description of the HTTP API. This is autogenerated
  and links to the [`../openapi.yaml`](../openapi.yaml). If the openapi.yaml is not
  this documentation is empty.

The [`./readme_template.md`](./readme_template.md) serves as a template where the
above variable can be filled in using Pythons `string.Template` utility from the
standard library.

The [`../scripts/update_readme.py`](../scripts/update_readme.py) script can be used to
collect all information and fill it into the template to generate the README file.
